---
unique-page-id: 18874612
description: Stock Reports and Dashboards in Dynamics - Bizible - Product Documentation
title: Stock Reports and Dashboards in Dynamics
---

# Stock Reports and Dashboards in Dynamics {#stock-reports-and-dashboards-in-dynamics}

Stock Reports and Dashboards in Dynamics - Bizible - Product Documentation

Bizible’s Managed Solution comes with a number of stock Dashboards and Reports, designed to cover your basic needs when viewing Bizible data in Dynamics. Below is the full list and some common use cases.

#### Dashboards (9 total) {#stockreportsanddashboardsindynamics-dashboards(9total)}

<table class="wrapped relative-table confluenceTable" style="width: 100.0%;"> 
 <colgroup> 
  <col style="width: 19.3714%;"> 
  <col style="width: 73.2521%;"> 
  <col style="width: 7.37652%;"> 
 </colgroup> 
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td><p><strong>Dashboard Name</strong></p></td> 
   <td><span style="color: rgb(51,51,51);"><strong>Use Case</strong></span></td> 
   <td><span style="color: rgb(51,51,51);"><strong>Billing Group</strong></span></td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td>Bizible CMO Dashboard with First Touch</td> 
   <td>As a CMO, view the current health of your marketing performance from charts such as revenue by marketing channel, top sources, and revenue over time. This dashboard reports on the first touch of an opportunity’s journey.</td> 
   <td><span>All</span></td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td>Bizible CMO Dashboard with Lead Creation Touch</td> 
   <td>As a CMO, view the current health of your marketing performance from charts such as revenue by marketing channel, top sources, and revenue over time. This dashboard reports on the lead creation touch of an opportunity’s journey.</td> 
   <td><span>All</span></td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td>Bizible CMO Dashboard with Multi Touch</td> 
   <td>As a CMO, view the current health of your marketing performance from charts such as revenue by marketing channel, top sources, and revenue over time. This dashboard reports on all key touches of an opportunity’s journey with W-Shaped weighting.</td> 
   <td><span>All</span></td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td>Bizible Content Marketing Dashboard with First Touch</td> 
   <td>As a Content Marketer, view the current health of your content from charts such as leads generated by landing page, source, and form URL. This dashboard reports on the first touch of a leads journey.</td> 
   <td><span>All</span></td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td>Bizible Content Marketing Dashboard with Lead Creation Touch</td> 
   <td>As a Content Marketer, view the current health of your content from charts such as leads generated by landing page, source, and form URL. This dashboard reports on the lead creation touch of a leads journey.</td> 
   <td><span>All</span></td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td>Bizible Content Marketing Dashboard with Multi Touch</td> 
   <td>As a Content Marketer, view the current health of your content from charts such as leads generated by landing page, source, and form URL. This dashboard reports on all key touches of a leads journey with W-Shaped weighting.</td> 
   <td><span>All</span></td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td>Bizible Paid Media Dashboard with First Touch</td> 
   <td>As a Paid Media Manager, view the current health of your paid media from charts such as leads generated by source, campaign name, or search keyword. This dashboard reports on the first touch of a leads journey.</td> 
   <td><span>All</span></td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td>Bizible Paid Media Dashboard with Lead Creation Touch</td> 
   <td><p>As a Paid Media Manager, view the current health of your paid media from charts such as leads generated by source, campaign name, or search keyword. This dashboard reports on the lead creation touch of a leads journey.</p></td> 
   <td>All</td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td>Bizible Paid Media Dashboard with Multi Touch</td> 
   <td>As a Paid Media Manager, view the current health of your paid media from charts such as leads generated by source, campaign name, or search keyword. This dashboard reports on all key touches of a leads journey with W-Shaped weighting.</td> 
   <td>All</td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

#### Reports (21 total) {#stockreportsanddashboardsindynamics-reports(21total)}

<table class="wrapped relative-table confluenceTable" style="width: 99.6154%;"> 
 <colgroup> 
  <col style="width: 19.5106%;"> 
  <col style="width: 73.02%;"> 
  <col style="width: 7.46941%;"> 
 </colgroup> 
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td><span style="color: rgb(0,51,102);"><strong>Report Name</strong></span></td> 
   <td><span style="color: rgb(0,51,102);"><strong>Use Case</strong></span></td> 
   <td><strong><span style="color: rgb(0,51,102);">Billing Group</span></strong></td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td>Accounts by Engagement Score</td> 
   <td>Group all accounts with their A, B, C, D, N/A grade from Bizible’s Predictive Engagement Score.</td> 
   <td>ABM</td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td>Accounts with Leads and Contacts</td> 
   <td>View all leads and contacts alongside each other grouped by their account, using Bizible’s Lead to Account matching.</td> 
   <td>ABM</td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td>Bizible Attribution by AdWords Keyword</td> 
   <td>Look at revenue attribution based on purchased AdWords keywords and measure its effectiveness.</td> 
   <td>All</td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td>Bizible Attribution by AdWords Name</td> 
   <td>Look at revenue attribution by AdWords campaign name and measure its effectiveness.</td> 
   <td><span>All</span></td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td>Bizible Attribution by Blog Landing Page</td> 
   <td>Look at revenue attribution by blog content page and measure its effectiveness.</td> 
   <td><span>All</span></td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td>Bizible Attribution by Channel (MoM)</td> 
   <td>See how your revenue attribution is distributed by channel while measuring its trend month over month.</td> 
   <td><span>All</span></td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td>Bizible Attribution by Channel (Year)</td> 
   <td>At a high level, see how your revenue attribution is distributed by channel for the past year.</td> 
   <td><span>All</span></td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td>Bizible Attribution by Landing Page</td> 
   <td>Look at revenue attribution by all your landing pages and measure its effectiveness.</td> 
   <td><span>All</span></td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td>Bizible Attribution by Open Pipeline</td> 
   <td>See the current state of your open sales pipeline and the revenue attribution distributed across each stage.</td> 
   <td><span>All</span></td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td>Bizible Attribution by Social Source</td> 
   <td>Look at revenue attribution by your social channels and measure its effectiveness.</td> 
   <td><span>All</span></td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td>Bizible Touchpoints on Leads</td> 
   <td>View the touchpoint data for your recent Leads by channel.</td> 
   <td><span>All</span></td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td>Leads by AdWords Name (FT)</td> 
   <td>Measure how many leads had a first touch from each AdWords campaigns.</td> 
   <td><span>All</span></td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td>Leads by AdWords Name (LC)</td> 
   <td>Measure how many leads were generated with a lead creation touch from each AdWords campaigns.</td> 
   <td><span>All</span></td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td>Leads by Bizible Marketing Channel (FT)</td> 
   <td>Measure how many leads had a first touch from each marketing channel.</td> 
   <td><span>All</span></td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td>Leads by Bizible Marketing Channel (LC)</td> 
   <td>Measure how many leads were generated with a lead creation touch from each marketing channel.</td> 
   <td><span>All</span></td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td>Leads by Blog Landing Page (FT)</td> 
   <td><p>Measure how many leads had a first touch from each blog content page.</p></td> 
   <td><span>All</span></td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td>Leads by Blog Landing Page (LC)</td> 
   <td>Measure how many leads were generated with a lead creation touch from each blog content page.</td> 
   <td><span>All</span></td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td>Leads by Landing Page (FT)</td> 
   <td><p>Measure how many leads had a first touch from each landing page.</p></td> 
   <td><span>All</span></td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colspan="1"><p>Leads by Landing Page (LC)</p></td> 
   <td colspan="1">Measure how many leads were generated with a lead creation touch from each landing page.</td> 
   <td colspan="1">All</td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colspan="1">Leads by Social Source (FT)</td> 
   <td colspan="1">Measure how many leads had a first touch from the social channel.</td> 
   <td colspan="1">All</td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td>Leads by Social Source (LC)</td> 
   <td>Measure how many leads were generated with a lead creation touch from the social channel.</td> 
   <td><span>All</span></td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

