---
unique-page-id: 14352457
description: .NET Add-in Overview - Marketo Docs - Product Documentation
title: .NET Add-in Overview
---

# .NET Add-in Overview {#net-add-in-overview}

.NET Add-in Overview - Marketo Docs - Product Documentation

### What's in this article? {#what-s-in-this-article}

[Attaching a Piece of Content](#id-.netadd-inoverview-attachingapieceofcontent)  
[Calendar Functionality](#id-.netadd-inoverview-calendarfunctionality)  
[Pulling in a Template](#id-.netadd-inoverview-pullinginatemplate)  
[The Tout It Button](#id-.netadd-inoverview-thetoutitbutton)

>[!NOTE]
>
>This is our old add-in. If you already have it installed, it will continue to work until 2020. If you are a new user, please install our new [Office 365 add-in](http://s3.amazonaws.com/tout-user-store/outlook-mac/assets/install_tout_add-in_outlook_mac.pdf).

#### Attaching a Piece of Content {#id-.netadd-inoverview-attachingapieceofcontent}

Add trackable content by clicking the **Content** button and uploading a file.  
  
Any previously uploaded content will appear for you to select in the pop-up window without having to upload again.

#### Calendar Functionality {#id-.netadd-inoverview-calendarfunctionality}

Let your recipients know when you’re available by pressing the **Calendar** button.  
  
This pulls in your Outlook calendar and allows you to add specific dates and times you’re free, and add the info to your email.

#### Pulling in a Template {#id-.netadd-inoverview-pullinginatemplate}

Pull in a pre-made Tout template to the Outlook message by pressing the **Templates** button.  
  
We `sync with all of your personal templates and any shared templates` among the team. We also automatically pull in the last used template and the most frequently used template for easy access.

#### The Tout It Button {#id-.netadd-inoverview-thetoutitbutton}

Once you have your personalized email filled out and ready to go, make sure you always hit the **Tout It** button to get tracking. A box will appear reading “hang on, we’re adding tracking magic.”
